ESA Hubble metadata search improvements (#1723)
astropy/astroquery: docs/esa/hubble.rst

Examples
========

A complete description of the following functions is also available using the python help function.

.. code-block:: python

  >>> from astroquery.esa.hubble import ESAHubble
  >>> esahubble = ESAHubble()
  >>> help(esahubble)
  Help on ESAHubbleClass in module astroquery.esa.hubble.core object:

>   class ESAHubbleClass(astroquery.query.BaseQuery)

Reviewer: `help` is a standard python command, there is no need to hardwire this in the docs, instead do link to the API doc, rather than doing this copy paste here.

associated with target name 'm31'. The result of the query will be stored in
file 'm31_query.xml'.

-----------------------------------------------------------------
5. Querying observations by search criteria in the Hubble archive
-----------------------------------------------------------------

The query_by_criteria function uses a set of established parameters to create
and execute an ADQL query, accessing the HST archive database usgin the Table
Access Protocol (TAP). 

PARAMETERS
"""""""""""""""""
- **calibration_level** (*str or int, optional*): The identifier of the data reduction/processing applied to the data.

 + RAW (1)
 + CALIBRATED (2)
 + PRODUCT (3)
 + AUXILIARY (0)

- **data_product_type** (*str, optional*): High level description of the product.

 + image
 + spectrum 
 + timeseries

- **intent** (*str, optional*): The intent of the original obsever in acquiring this observation.

 + SCIENCE 
 + CALIBRATION

- **collection** (*str, optional*): List of collections that are available in eHST catalogue.

 + HLA
 + HST
 

>  Do not forget that this is a list of elements, so it must be defined as ['HST'], ['HST', 'HLA']...

Reviewer 2: In this case, the documentation above should be `list of strings, optional`, since a string won't be accepted

> - **instrument_name** (*str, optional*): Name/s of the instrument/s used to generate the dataset. This is also a list of elements.

Reviewer 2: style suggestion: use `Name(s)` instead of `Name/s`, etc.

requirements. It will also download a votable file called **output.vot.gz** containing the result of the
query.

The following example uses the string definition of the calibration level ('PRODUCT') and executes an asynchronous job to get all the results that match the criteria.

.. code-block:: python

  >>> from astroquery.esa.hubble import ESAHubble
  >>> esahubble = ESAHubble()
  >>> result = esahubble.query_by_criteria(calibration_level = 'PRODUCT', 
                                           data_product_type = 'image', 
                                           intent='SCIENCE', 
                                           obs_collection=['HLA'], 
                                           instrument_name = ['WFC3'], 
                                           filters = ['F555W', 'F606W'], 
                                           async_job = True, 
                                           output_file = 'output2.vot.gz', 
                                           output_format="votable", 
                                           verbose = True, 
                                           get_query = False)
  >>> str(result)
  Table length=12965
  ...

> As it has been mentioned, these parameters are optional and it is not necessary to define all of them to execute this function, as the search will be adapted to the ones that are available.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As has been mentioned, these parameters are optional and it is not necessary to define all of them to execute this function, as the search will be adapted to the ones that are available.
```

.. code-block:: python

  >>> from astroquery.esa.hubble import ESAHubble
  >>> esahubble = ESAHubble()
  >>> result1 = esahubble.query_by_criteria(calibration_level = 'PRODUCT', 
                                           async_job = False, 
                                           output_file = 'output3.vot.gz')
  >>> result2 = esahubble.query_by_criteria(data_product_type = 'image', 
                                            intent='SCIENCE', 
                                            async_job = False, 
                                            output_file = 'output4.vot.gz')
  >>> result3 = esahubble.query_by_criteria(data_product_type = 'timeseries',
                                            async_job = False, 
                                            output_file = 'output5.vot.gz')
 

> If none of them are defined, this function will retrieve all the observations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If no criteria are specified to limit the selection, this function will retrieve all the observations.
```

Does "all the observations" mean *every* observation in the ESA-Hubble archive?  That sounds like it might take a while!

Author: We also wanted to cover the "no criteria" case to avoid failures in the algorithm in case no criteria is defined. If it is executed synchronously, it will only retrieve the first 2000 results. If it is executed asynchronously... yes, it might take a while!
